Add retry policy in Channel.fromSRA factory (#5389)
nextflow-io/nextflow: docs/reference/channel.md

`protocol`
: Allow choosing the protocol for the resulting remote URLs. Available choices: `ftp`, `http`, `https` (default: `ftp`).

`retryPolicy`

> : Set a retry policy in case of the SRA request fail with a retriable error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Set a retry policy in case the SRA request fails with a retriable error.
```
